# Supporting Material for IISWC submission
GOAT generates reports and visualizations to assist users understanding the dynamic behavior of target applications. Due to lack of space in the paper, we present some of the generated visualizations and reports for three aforementioned bugs in the paper.
## ExecViz
For each of `moby28462`, `etcd7443` and `kubernetes11298` bug kernels, the *ExecViz* (similar to the visualization in listing 1 of the paper) generated by GOAT with different D [0,1,2,3,4] is included in the respective folder. Files that start with `FAIL_*` belong to a failed execution and files with prefix `SUCC_*` are successful exections.

The order of events is determined by the standard Go trace package. That is, in each row of the ExecViz, there is exactly one event. Each column shows a goroutine.

## GTree
Similar to figure 3 of the paper, the generated *GTree* of `moby28462`, `etcd7443` and `kubernetes11298` bug kernels is included in the respective folder.
Nodes with numbers-only contents are the goroutines that captured by the tracer package but we are not interested in studying them including the root goroutine, tracing goroutines, and GOAT watcher goroutine. But we include them anyway for more realistic reflection.

## Reports
Some screenshots from the generated coverage report of `etcd7443` and `kubernetes11298`, and the deadlock report of `moby28462` (listing 1 in the paper) is available in the **report_screenshots** folder.

## ECT
Folder **ECT** includes sample ECT snippets of `moby28462`, `etcd7443` and `kubernetes11298` bug kernels.

## Shiviz
Folder **Shiviz** includes sample HB logs that we extracted from ECTs. The logs are extracted from the execution of `fanin.go` and visualized using [Shiviz](https://bestchai.bitbucket.io/shiviz/). You can load ECT logs in [Shiviz](https://bestchai.bitbucket.io/shiviz/) and interactively study ECTs. 

## Future Work
These visualizations are preliminary samples. We are actively working on better visualizations to include in the GOAT release.
